Hey, Xiao Song
Speak freely, Director Ôn
Your entertainment company
has had a lot of projects recently, right?
We all know each other well
Don't forget to promote Thiếu Gian
No problem
Xiao Jian spoke up
I wouldn’t dare refuse a righteous request(*)
(*) something one cannot refuse for moral reasons
Next month
There’s a commercial with
the international brand Huang Shu Lin
Want to give it a shot?
Really?
Really
Thank you, Director Xiao Song
No worries, no worries
Thanks, Director Wen
No need to be polite
Here’s the thing
You gentlemen go ahead and drink
I have something to take care of
Let’s catch up later
Excuse me
The cake hasn't even been cut
Where are you going?
Right, Xiao Jian
Eat the cake before you go
But...
There are a lot of people here
If you leave now,
you’ll make my mother lose face in public
How can I do that?
Director Wen,
let’s cut the cake
It’s so late already
Where’s the groom?
It’s bad enough he didn’t welcome guests
Now he’s late for the ceremony
Totally impolite
How much longer do we have to wait?
Our time
is still time, isn't it?
Happy birthday
Happy birthday, Mom
Director Wen
Let me toast to you
Wishing you a happy birthday
May you stay forever young
And youthful forever
Thank you
Please, Director Wen
Director Wen
Happy birthday
Thank you
Trying to leave again?
I need to use the restroom
Thiếu Gian,
do you remember
what you told me yesterday?
You divorced Ye Ci
because of me, right?
Yes
Then let’s get married